good and we are in the world
congress in this case at the stand of
nokia will seem weird at first
that we are in a stand of nokia
taking into account working with a
default but the Finnish manufacturer has
given the chime presenting his new
range does not want a new range of
Nokia phones with android of all
forms these models are low with a
google's own google air interface of
microsoft in that sense but working
with google's operating system it's worth
As you can see there are three versions
different in this case I have two because
the nokia x7 x plus are the same only
differs ram memory in this case
has a ram memory of 512 megabytes a
dual core and calcium processor and 4
gigabytes of internal memory expandable to
through microsd cards we 're going to
focus on the superior model
the nokia xl that is the one that stands out
you have to keep in mind that yes this
model costs 89 euros
the x plus model that has a little
more than ram costs 99 and the great beast of
Bride costs 109 euros that stands out
first of a 5-inch screen
with solution wg a is worth more than
enough for any daily use and
a 5 megapixel camera with flash
ok you can see that the design is
really attractive is available in
Different colors to the touch is very
comfortable but let's move on what we
the interface interests also
You can check that you have support for
dual sim
the only one but that I find is that
has lte connectivity but good as
the principle is oriented to markets
emergencies can be an interesting topic
in terms of the interface even if they are
android the one that does not look like
system is windows with one hundred percent
We can see the typical menu nokia pure and
hard of the lumia range is totally worth
configurable yes I will if for example
they would not want to use facebook
we have Maria Mark Zuckerberg we squeeze
we keep and allow us borrazás
in the interface of this model with
Android we see typical pretty interface
known in the Lumia range is worth
Main applications already appear
in a close-up that we can
change to any place is worth even
As you can see it gives us the option of
create looks like a folder for
organize it so more conveniently
you can see the keyboard is quite comfortable
the truth
once done this for example the
twitter our folder and another detail
curious
is that here we have the most applications
recent is worth if for example this lack
we would keep removing it but if
We take to the main menu and activate
we will see what comes back
the application is good the phone
although it is under an android base not
It is compatible with applications
google play but do not want built-in
your own more
the store apps from nokia where
we can download a series of
applications one of the most details
interesting is that it is also
fully enabled with skay as
can wait for a purchase account
Microsoft is logical to put the both with
the nokia xxl as with the x plus
I do not want you to offer us a month
Free to list calls to
anywhere in the world through
skype plus 10 gigs in your cloud
finally love
Let's open the camera
for a 5 megapixel camera with
flash
if we take a photo of capture time
it's very fast
and the quality of the photos the truth is
more than worthy considering the
price of the device as I have
commented before this model will come a
cost of 109 euros initially the
The main objective is the markets
emergent though not that he said that a
future quite next will arrive in europe
also or have an exact date for the
Arrival of the mobile phone to Spain is expected
arrive during the fourth quarter
of this year